rfc: Clarifying edits (#22)
apollographql/apollo-ios-dev: apollo-ios/Design/3093-graphql-defer.md

] }
```

**Field merging**

Field merging is a feature in Apollo iOS where fields from fragments that have the same `__parentType` as the enclosing `SelectionSet` are automatically merged into the enclosing `SelectionSet`. This makes it easier to consume fragment fields instead of having to access the fragment first.

Deferred fragment fields will **not** be merged into the enclosing selection set. Merging in the fields of a deferred fragment would require the field types to become optional or use another wrapper-type solution where the field value and state can be represented. We decided it would be better to treat deferred fragments as an isolated selection set with clearer sementics on the collective state and values.

**Selection set initializers**

> In the preview release of `@defer`, operations with deferred fragments will **not** be able to have generated selection set initilizers. This is due to the complexities of field merging which is dependent on work being done by other members of the team. Once we can support this the fields will be optional properties on the initializer and fragment fullfillment will be determined at access time, in a lightweight version of the GraphQL executor, to determine if all deferred fragment field values were provided.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preview release of `@defer`, operations with deferred fragments will **not** be able to have generated selection set initializers. This is due to the complexities of field merging which is dependent on work being done by other members of the team. Once we can support this the fields will be optional properties on the initializer and fragment fulfillment will be determined at access time, in a lightweight version of the GraphQL executor, to determine if all deferred fragment field values were provided.   
```
